Crypto talk and blockchain walk.
>> Let's go. Let's go.
>> With Connor, what's your I see you as
like the head person who places people
in base. What's your like official job
title?
>> My official job title is just onchain
recruiter at Bass, but I uh I work on a
team of four recruiters. One who's also
focused on Bass. He's our technical
recruiter. Uh a recruiter who's focused
on CDP, Coinbase developer platform. And
then we have a sorcerer as well. and we
report to our head of recruitment, whose
name is Kevin Quinn. Uh, but yeah, the
five of us kind of make up Bay CDP
recruitment.
>> Sick. So, like, what's the experience of
going to these IRL events and finding
people that you want to work with? Is it
way better than just like sourcing
potential candidates from online?
>> 100%. I mean, obviously our industry
lives online and onchain,
>> but my cliche is that despite it all
being online and onchain, life happens
in person. And meeting a candidate in
person is like a game changer. I've got
to speak to candidates that I've spoken
to online the entirety of my time in the
uh blockchain space, but getting to meet
them in person like it makes it full
circle. So um I can't speak higher about
recruiting in person.
>> So we met in Buenocidis after I saw you
online. Really cool to like see a face
that you see online in person. Uh, how
does the kind of like event in
Buenocidus, which was of course Ethereum
Dev Connect, how does that compare to
what's going on here at ETH Denver?
>> Very different vibe. Um, and I think it
was a very different time in the market
too. I mean,
>> we still had hope.
>> We there was still a lot of hope in the
market. I think there's still hope, but
it definitely feels a little bit
lessened right now. Um, this has been
very,
>> for lack of better term, bare market
vibes. But I think the uh the the flip
side of that is it's builder market. And
so everyone that I've talked to is very
builder focused. I've been telling
people it does feel like we're kind of
in a purge of the market right now. A
lot of the uh the bad projects are being
rooted out, but those who cons uh those
who continue to be resilient are the
ones that are going to thrive come the
next bull market. Does that benefit your
job when you're trying to bring the best
into base? Like, do you want to be
talking to bare market builders or do
you see the good in both the bull and
the bear?
>> It's easier to hire in the bull market,
I think. Um, but the people I've hired
in the bare market, this is my second
bare market hiring, but the people I
hired in my last bare market are the
ones that stuck with their jobs a lot
longer. Um, again, I think the the word
is resilience. So, um, I think there's
benefits to both.
>> Yeah. So, we actually hopped on a call a
couple weeks ago and talked a little bit
about what it's like to find a job. From
your perspective at base, what's the
best way that like people can maybe like
not necessarily stand out, but convey
the best of their qualities to what
you're looking for? How can they do that
in a concentrated manner so that you can
make the most of both yours and their
time when you have a line of
communication?
>> Yeah, I think I mean the best thing
people can do for themselves is I think
there's three ways to stand out honestly
in the in the crypto markets. The first
is building. If you can figure out a way
to build an app in the blockchain space,
you're going to stand out against the
crowd because you can speak to exactly
what you're trying to apply for. Um,
especially and just to do a quick shill
on base, we have a lot of documentation
to get started even for nontechnical
builders. And so I would look into that
if I were a candidate looking for a job
in the space. How do I build an app or a
mini app? Just build something because
that is truly the best experience you
can have. The second is creating. And
when I talk about creating, I mean
creating content. And it's definitely
not the most comfortable. But if you can
get out of your comfort zone and create
written content about things that you're
interested in or even better, create
video content like this to brand
yourself, you're going to have this
portfolio that you can now share with
any potential employer and show them
that you're going to go outside of the
scope of whatever the role you're
applying for is. Like you have this
industry knowledge and you're willing to
put it out there and people eat that up.
>> And number three,
>> number three is trading. And it's a
little bit harder. It is kind of the way
that I got into the space. I was really
interested in the DeFi summer projects
in 2019 2020. So I did a lot of research
at the time on the chain links of the
world and the polygons and as a history
major in my past as well. Having all
that research really helped when I
wanted to go and help found a
recruitment agency early on in the
space. So I do think that's another
avenue. It's definitely a little bit
harder to synthesize that experience,
but I would say those are the three main
ways you could stay there.
>> Awesome. And so before we hit record, I
mentioned that I wanted to pull on this
thread and I think it can be um like
difficult when you're talking with a
company and you're going down the
interview process and maybe you make it
to the second or third and it just
wasn't a right fit. But that's not to
say that the candidate is a poor
candidate or the company is a nasty
company. So, what's like the best piece
of advice to kind of keep people going
when they thought they were so close to
getting that dream job and it just
didn't work out? What does that say
about them and what's the way that they
can look at their own kind of self-worth
and keep on going and keep on fortifying
forward?
>> Yeah, it's definitely uh it's definitely
a challenge I would say, but like got to
be resilient when it comes to the job
market. Unfortunately, this is one of
the toughest times to get in into any
job, especially for younger candidates
in the space. That's where I think it
comes back to building, creating, or
trading. It's like build your experience
up outside of whatever the the scope of
the interview process you were in is in
was. Um, that being said, I think there
are definitely ways to improve and those
would be connecting with like
recruiters. Recruiters in general want
to place you because it helps them in
their own careers. So, if you can find a
recruiter that wants to like help build
your your experience up, that's the best
thing you can do. Personally, in my
recruitment style, even if I have a
candidate that's not necessarily going
to be the fit for the right role or for
the role that I'm uh looking for at the
moment, working with them to help
bolster their re resume, giving them
tips on like how to interview better,
those are the things that I think help
in general, and they can take that into
their next into their next interview
process.
>> Awesome. And I think Connor's a man in
hot demand these days, but if you can
get a line of communication with him,
he's very open to communicating with you
and we'll have a call with you and just
chat with you. Absolutely.
>> So, I've always appreciated that about
you. Um, what's the next fitness goal?
You were running training for a marathon
after Buenocitis. What's next this year?
>> Yes. I I think I'm going to start
training for a halfiron man.
>> You really dislike yourself, don't you?
>> I love to push myself. Discipline is
key. That's the other thing in getting a
job, be disciplined about it.
>> Awesome. Way to bring it all around.
What's the best way that people can find
what you're working on and how can we
throw people into putting their resumes
into the ring for bass?
>> Absolutely. Uh well, you can reach me on
X. Jay Connor Hollowman on X. That's
probably the best way to reach me. I'm
on LinkedIn as well. Um
>> if you're interested in ROS, just reach
out. I'm happy to connect you where I
can. We we have all of our open roles
listed on bass.org/job /job and to show
Coinbase coinbase.com/careers
too. So um and happy to connect you
where I can. Uh other thing I would say
too is I know that we are currently uh
looking for builders in our base batches
international accelerator program.
That's definitely another way a
candidate can stand out too. Uh we're
looking for startup projects. We're
looking for projects with a robotics
track sponsored by virtuals. And we're
looking for students to submit projects.
So, those are all other ways you can
connect with us.
>> And is the LinkedIn meta dead or should
people start using LinkedIn?
>> I don't know. I don't know. I think X is
X is my favorite these days. LinkedIn is
a great spot, but I don't know. X is a
more direct communication line.
>> Awesome. Well, we took Connor away from
his booth time, so we're going to let
him go. Thanks for giving us some of
your time today, dude.
>> You're welcome. Nice to nice to chat
with you here.
>> Cheers.